# 2019-07-08 Meeting

## Attendees

- [**zkat**](https://github.com/zkat/): KAT
- [**chrisdickinson**](https://github.com/chrisdickinson/): CHRIS
- [**ceejbot**](https://github.com/ceejbot/): CEEJ

> Minutes from notes taken by CHRIS, approved by KAT and CEEJ

## Agenda

### 1. How are we going to bring new maintainers in?

- CEEJ introduced.
- Stop talking in $sidechannel. Move to discord.
- General note: GitHub is a great place to concentrate on code, but a bad place to run a project.
    - We should turn off GitHub issues and redirect folks to the Discourse.
    - CHRIS to take on communication for this & eventually turning off the issues.
- KAT to take on the rest of the Discord setup.
- We note that the project is set up as a cabal of maintainers at the moment
    - That's okay as long as we make it easy to join the cabal, so that should be our goal
- KAT notes that the website is a great place to draw in new maintainers.
    - CHRIS adds that we could use help deploying the latest and greatest ENTROPIC so that
      folks working on the website service can see it in the real world.
    - (CHRIS to go talk to Todd/Wes about this, CEEJ to see about uploading Wes's keys if he is interested)

### 2. Docs: What docs are most helpful right now?

- CHRIS introduced, wanted to get a read on where documentation is missing
- Docs need to do a better job of setting expectations.
    - Where the project lives, what cadence it operates at, what's expected to work and what's not.
- Eventually we'll want a standalone place for the docs.

### 3. DS CLI (in entropic-dev/entropic)

- CHRIS introduced.
- We now have two DS's! One more and we can officially play Super Mario 3D Land.
- Got on the same page: entropic-dev/ds and entropic-dev/dstopic are THE FUTURE
- entropic-dev/entropic's `ds` is essentially an integration test for the registry
    - Expected lifetime is at least 2-3 months
- CHRIS to post about the intent in Discourse.

### 4. How are we going to communicate about work

- CEEJ introduced.
- Weekly meetings are too much, but fortnightly seems good. (every 2 weeks)
- Can have ad-hoc meetings as necessary to discuss sticking points.
- Goal of fortnightly meeting is to provide a "finish line" for decisions & messaging
  about the state of other decisions.
    - E.g., `Package.toml` vs `entropic.toml` vs `ds.toml` -- we can pick one here.
    - CD Note: We did not pick one there. But we could've!
- KAT set up the Ideas category
- CEEJ to look into OpenCollective

### 5. What are the big undesigned bits that need design?

- CEEJ introduced.
- ENTROPIC->ENTROPIC Package Syncing
    - CHRIS is working on this.
    - Do we go with a centralized NOTARY service, as proposed, or lean on Keybase?
        - Downside of keybase is that it is, in fact, a VC-funded company
    - Key revocation (use old key to sign new key), vs. key loss
        - CHRIS needs to research the implications more
- ENTROPIC->DS Package downloading (mostly specced, docs need updated, CHRIS feels this sin weighs on his soul)
    - Keeping this flow separate for now because they have slightly different replication aims.
- Author package signing
    - CEEJ is chewing on this.
- Search
    - Can do a quick "local search only" rev to give tools to CLI UX
        - Needs to be reasonably responsive, <1s response time
    - CEEJ to think about this long term
- Introspection / stats page
    - For the website, probably fun to work on
- Package Dependency spec
    - KAT is working on this.
- CLI: Rust infrastructure (ongoing)
    - KAT is coordinating this.
- CLI: installer
    - KAT is working on this.
